### 2023.10.10

* **who**: mariha, michal, Tor, Luixv, (Chagai)

* duration: 90 minutes (check at 20:30 if we have more power)
* notes: everyone?

#### Agenda 

##### What has happened? [R]

* we moved the meeting from Mondays to Tuesdays! [report]
    * reevaluate in 3 meetings
    * change reminder

* we have new rooms structure in place

* post about sleepy.bike in both FB groups
    * the page is not recognised as known to FB - no preview
        * the domain was registered less then 2 years, let's see at 15th of Oct
        * maybe it's an unusual domain extention *.bike
    * people will ask questions, would be great if someone answered...
    * maybe it was too early to invite people in fb?
        * or too late?
    * the post got less attention than hoped for...
    * Luis know someone who is a specialist in Social Media

* mariha started JS tutorials made by WizardAmigos

* mariha reached out to weex
    * currently interested in nostr
    * connection to circlebuilder

* A connection with Cybertrike - let's meet as whole sleepy.bike team!
    * raising awareness about Obstructive Sleep Apnea, wants to cycle around the world / for a year, starting next year
    * a sys admin, softwer dev, enterprener, scalability, decentralization, open source
    * bicycle tourer went from CTO to being homeless with undiagnosed sleep disorder, now fully recovered, back to life
    * https://cybertrike.org/
    * https://www.gofundme.com/f/cybertrikeorg
    * recommended Tim Berners-Lee book "Weaving the web"


##### Looking forward / to come [E]

* Social media strategy [move to next time]
    * how are we going to keep in contact with the community and the community with us?
       1. a person or circle who'd be caring for that (nobody willing to do that at the moment... let's not loose connection with the community!)
       2. have a rotation to answer to the questions
       3. let it remain unanswered, maybe the community will take care to some extent
       4. Contributors Open Hours
       5. ...

    * how do we want to reach out to people so that they join sleepy.bike?
       * federate with TR
       * social media
       * emails from ws survey + word of mouth
       * ...

       * (a few dedicated members until next season in Northern hemisphare)

* DirtyRoad needs members! 
    * federation 
        * the moods: TR, BW, couchers,...
        * technical format
            * https://forgefriends.org/ F3 format, inspire what does it take to design and implement a protocol based on AP
    * social media
    * newsletters
        * co-draft a message to WS survey - not urgent though
    * both DirtyRoad.org and sleepy.bike are open to federate with each other via ActivityPub

---

* Any books to recommend? (after meeting chat :smile:)
    * Many voices one song (book about Sociocracy) [mariha, michal]
    * Stanislaw Lem: Solaris [Luis]
    * Tiziano Terzani: Letters Against the War [mariha]
    * Frank Herbert: Dune [Tor]

---

##### Notes [D]

* stats: 17 hosts (+6), 39 members (+11)

* Contributors Open Hours

* we're trying sociocracy format!

* TR may try sociocracy too!

###### Actions/Outcomes

* Google callendar to subscribe to [mk]
* Move reminder to sleepy.bike contributors room [chagai]
* Add link to the meeting pad to the room description of OHN
* sleepy.bike page needs to be updated with matrix space

* next week sleepy.bike presentation at WizardAmigos
    * inform pple when would it be - sleepy.bike community
* meeting with Cybertrike
    * time: 7 or 7:30pm next tue
* reevaluate Mon->Tue in 3 meetings, at the beginning of Nov
