### 2023.11.07 

* **who**: mariha, Ola, Luis, michal

* duration: 90

* next meeting: Tuesday 2023.11.21 at 19 CET (18 UTC)

#### Agenda 

* stats: 56 members (+6), 19 hosts (+3)
    - members: `curl https://community.sleepy.bike/group | sed 's/,/\n/g' | grep -c '#me'`
    - hosts based on the map

##### What has happened? [R]

* Community Open Hours
    * https://pad.riseup.net/p/sleepy.bike-community-open-hours-keep
    * let's do next one in about a month
    * [Luis] Let's post it in Matrix, too
    * 30.11.2023 will be the next one at 19 CET
    * Luis can't attend at 28, moving to 30.11.2023
* BeWelcome General Assembly
    * [mariha] It was this week, they discuss the network and elect new Board of Directors
    * [mariha] Trustroots situation
    * [Luis] only 1 developer, features implementation issues
* email notifications service knowledge sharing
    * https://github.com/OpenHospitalityNetwork/solid-email-notifications
    * https://forum.solidproject.org/t/feedback-wanted-future-of-solidcommunity-net/7022/9
* ...

##### Looking forward / to come [E]

* NGI Sargasso open call #2
    * https://ngisargasso.eu/eu-applicants/
    * Closing date: 18 Dec 2023
    * US partner - requirements? commitments?
    * Do we want to apply?
    * Guidelines: Partner from Canada or US must have little commitment, only expressing support, write letter of support. Institution? Or person?
    * 3-9 months, you can apply multiple times in period of 3 years
    * total of ?? EUR to apply

    * We express our interest:
        * [mariha] very interested in applying, will apply
        * [Ola] always better to try, Ola could apply as UX Designer
        * [Luis] wants to see the application, doesn't look that bureaucratic, we'll plan roadmap, think it's a good idea, doesn't look that bureaucratic, wonderful idea, in principle interested, but not sure how can help
        * [michal] interested
    * Find out about partner - michal will read the regulamin
      * https://ngisargasso.eu/?wpdmdl=368
    * [Luis] worked with EU projects and grants, it took a lot of time to apply, consider that, it might be a lot of work
    * [mariha] meeting: 14.11.23 at 7pm CET
* WizardAmigos presentation - do we want to re-record? publish?
    * https://we.tl/t-Pb7VeZgiEt - reuploaded, the link expires in a week
    * michal will look into that in a few days
    * mariha will upload the old recording

--- run out of time

* server infrastructure - pay from the money we already have
* technical support - anyone willing to take care? FB, email, ...
* Chagai proposes fairmeeting.net for our meetings
* ...

##### Notes [D]

* ...

#### Checkout
