### 2024.04.09

* who:

* [michal] Time limit for PR reviews
    * There's currently not enough people involved in Maintainer role (0-1), and my development work is blocked. The rule of a review before merge doesn't make sense, until there's enough people involved in Maintainer role. Currently, this rule works against goals of C4, in particular
    > To relieve dependencies on key individuals by separating different skill sets so that there is a larger pool of competence in any required domain;
    > To allow the project to develop faster and more accurately, by increasing the diversity of the decision making process;
    * Current situation both increases dependency on a key individual, and halts the project development.
    * I propose to introduce 24 or 48-hour limit for PR reviews, after which admin can merge the PR, as long as tests pass and it does what it says, in other words is not evil.
    * Practically, the process will look as follows: I open a PR, invite Mariha to review, wait for 1 day (or 2 days), and then merge if no changes are requested. If changes are requested, I'll address them, invite another round of reviews, and repeat the cycle.
    * I'll start implementing this new rule after today's meeting.
       * [mariha] I disagree, I would agree to actively look for others who would take the role of reviewers, at some point.
       * removing separation between maintainers and contributors creates conditions of acumulated power in the project for developers and 

       * who's going to fulfill that role [of maintainers] until then? I've clearly said that this change would be temporary, until those maintainers are present. Hopefully this resolves the issue.
       * Currently it feels like arbitrary power abuse by you, Mariha. To block progress, and push your agenda, or hold on to your power.
       * Actually, can you point to a decision in which I consented to introduce this rule in the first place? Hopefully in these minutes. I remember always having and expressing objections against C4 along some lines. This is clearly one of the limitations.

For further discussion, please refer to the [sleepy.bike matrix channel](https://matrix.to/#/!FoMQPpfuMHUoRseBRo:matrix.org/$8e3EAL3pq3EIgIqiMTOkgE9-NV6awOxYM877Gw_yewM?via=matrix.org&via=chagai.website&via=common.ems.host).

* [michal] **Decision:** In line with sociocratic decision-making, I've decided to implement the proposed changes as a temporary measure to address the current stagnation and keep the project moving forward. This decision isn't about hijacking the project but is a necessary step to ensure its progress. Let's continue our conversation with the project's needs in mind, focusing on rational and constructive dialogue.
  In practical terms, starting in 36 hours (i.e. 2024-04-11 9:00 CEST), I will begin merging the current PRs. Future PRs will be merged 24-48 hours after review invitations are sent out, depending on their complexity. Please inform me if you need more time for a specific review. We should also look into bringing more active maintainers on board soon.
  Let's revisit this approach in 2 months and whenever a new maintainer joins.

* [michal] Budget for professional mediation
    * I want us to assign budget 100-500 USD towards mediation of the current conflict's resolution, to hire an experienced therapist/mediator to do this work with us. (Practically 200 USD sound reasonable for 2 hours session I think.)
    * It should be paid to a person that we both (Mariha, Michal) agree on - can't be a decision of just one of us.
    * only to be decided if we're both present today, or asynchronously

   * [mariha] I would ask the community first. It's by far preferred for me to talk with someone who I know and who cares about the project then with a stranger.
